feat: web3-react (#544)
Uniswap/docs: docs/sdk/web3-react/guides/01-connect-wallet.md

---
id: connect-wallet
title: Connecting to Wallets
---     

## Introduction

> This guide will cover how to connect wallets with `web3-react`. It is based on the [web3-react example](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/tree/main/web3-react) found in the Uniswap code examples [repository](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples). To run this example, check out the examples's [README](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/README.md) and follow the setup instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will cover how to connect wallets with `web3-react`. It is based on the [`web3-react` example](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/tree/main/web3-react) found in the Uniswap code examples [repository](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples). To run this example, check out the examples's [README](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/README.md) and follow the setup instructions.
```

```

In the case that the click triggers a disconnection:

```typescript reference title="On disconnecting from a Connector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/8c0e36ca8d2ba4718af944094191f39da62a9c5c/web3-react/src/libs/components/Option.tsx#L29-L36
```

To disconnect, all we need to do is to call `tryDeactivateConnector` and pass in it the `InjectedConnector` we created before. We then call the `onDeactivate` callback, which removes the `InjectedConnector` as the currently active connector from our application's state.

`tryDeactivateConnector` takes as its argument the connector that we want to deactivate, and attempts to call `deactivate` on it. If this deactivation succeeds, it resets the connector's state by calling `resetState` and returns `null`:

```typescript reference title="The implementation of tryDeactivateConnector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L98-L100
```

## Next Steps

> Now that you're familiar with connecting and disconnecting from an `InjectedConnector`, consider checking out our [next guide](./02-connectors.md) on connecting and disconnecting from all the different types of connectors that web3-react supports.

Reviewer: This language is inconsistent with the language at the end of 02,

> Now that we have gone through building all of the different types of supported connectors, we will learn how to [switch chains](03-switch-chains.md).

```suggestion
Now that we have gone through connecting and disconnecting from an `InjectedConnector`, we will learn how to connect and disconnect](./02-connectors.md) from all the different types of connectors that `web3-react` supports.
```
